
1.) The program should hire CAs/TAs that are more capable and knowledgeable. After speaking with many of my classmates the emerging theme I see is petty issues with grading that show a poor understanding of the subject matter by CAs/TAs. 2.) iMBA support needs to be more responsive. The support I received this term was the worst in the program so far and really makes me worried if we even have the capacity to handle students that are currently enrolled in the program. 3.) Bring clarity into assignments rubric. For example, if students are going to lose points for not following a prescribed format make it clear to them rather than simply suggesting they should be following the prescribed format.


My dream is to have even more diverse perspectives by figuring out a scholarship scheme to bring talented entrepreneurs from overseas for whom $20,000 is still an insurmountable sum.




The degree is a great initiative by the university. I believe the content of the course can be improved overall to make this degree much more interesting. 
Provide consistency between the individual courses in terms of organisation and scheduling.
Having a student council is a good first step; please continue to have other avenues/methods for students to be more engaged with the university outside of the classroom (should they choose to).
Avoid the conflicts with the live sessions.  


I think it would be beneficial to have some kind of a home group or home team for each person that they maintain through the entirety of the program. This would allow people to build deeper relationships while the other class teams and groups constantly change. Consistent faces and names during the first cohort made it extra special, and I miss the elements and dynamics that resulted even though I still love this program and what it's doing for me. The classes end up being scheduled at just the right time.








I understand the dual platform interfaces but it still feels somewhat fragmented and the compass platform is somewhat unwieldy at times





Synch up the schedule with other MBA program schedules; encourage professors to schedule live sessions at times more convenient for those that are working and taking other classes. 



I expect more control as a student - to be able to work with many team member students in beginning of specializations and have the option to choose team members for subsequent courses/ sessions  in my study groups;  as contribution levels are very diverse amongst students, this is a common concern for many of my classmates - improvement in this area will enhance people's perception of iMBA










































None.  Great program.
Fewer courses

The iMBA needs to keep selecting the best individuals. Only by recruiting successful professionals can the program thrive.
Keep the good work and be mindful to recruit well rounded and experienced good students. 









