No complaints, but one platform would have been ideal.
The Coursera portion was like the 'textbook' for the course with supplemental areas to enhance learning and retention. The Compass platform elevated the learning area to better understand the 'real world' application for the areas of study.
The combination complemented the learning experience
The Coursera information and Compass information flowed together well
I had no major issues with either platform. Compass still seems a bit buggy but the TA's were able to manage the complications. 
They were coordinated very well. 
I thought the Coursera portion was a good foundation and the Compass portion helped to dig deeper into the material. 
#NAME?
Not sure the coursera content and lectures were always in sync. And the due dates on the syllabus and shown on screen did not always sync. Created some anxiety being the first course to take. 
none
good sync
Great
Each coursera module coincided with the compass module so that was extremely helpful
The Coursera course is a little older.  Topics are more tilted towards a US owned and operated traditionally organized company.   While the topic areas are probably relevant to all workplaces, the architecture and social structures of organizations are rapidly changing world wide.  I've already taken the other two Leadership courses.  I found that the live iMBA sessions seem to be better when the Professor is teaching their own content.  
The coursera lectures were knowledgeable but short.  The compass case studies were amazing. But the lectures - had no content but just discussions - where the instructors kept agreeing with everyone who was talking.
I loved taking the Coursera classes before the actual course, Having some time in between them helped formalize the information. 
Materials complemented each course component well.
Both platforms including packback worked well, however, there may be an opportunity to consolidate it to one platform
Coursera and High Engagement Material and exam content seemed to differ.
Besides packback, the case study interactions worked very well for the compass work.
I can refer back to coursework afterwards
I could refer to Coursera at any time and I could refer to the lecturer through Compass
Coursera part is very well organized and full of useful related examples. The compass part was not very well structured. Each live session include 15 min room discussion then the rest is discussing what we discussed as teams with everyone. This did not guarantee that the coursera structure material and topics being covered in the compass discussion or applied in the discussion.
Overlap with some material in case studies. 
I enjoyed the variety of formats to engage with the course, and appreciated that the transcripts were available on Compass. It was tricky to toggle between Coursera and Compass at first, but once I started to see Compass as the primary hub for information and access, it was easier. Prior to that, I had been using Coursera first and foremost, and found the Compass site to be less user-friendly and redundant.
Would be nice if everything is in one place.
Coursera content nicely dovetailed into the weekly lectures
As long as the agenda in Compass includes all the work, it's easy enough to switch between.
Both platforms provide a lot of flexibility. 
As I really liked the Coursera platform, the compass platform, specifically, the features given to student for collaboration were glitchy and confusing. 
I am accustomed to dealing with both platforms but it would be nice if it was all on one platform. However, I like the flexibility of being able to complete the Coursera portion in advance.
Coursera was the best part of this course. LCSAs were good but time consuming. Compass module essays actually detracted from the course since grading was no where near standardized. Additionally, 5-6 people is far too many for group assignments. 2-3 or 4 people max for a group. The course content that supports this concept is the law of diminishing returns.
Need both didactic and experiential
The videos and Compass work reinforced all the lessons immensely.
Good flexibility between each other
it was hard to manage through different websites form coursera, compass, zoom and blackboard.   it should be one basic learning tool that include every thing. or at least it gives you in simple way the steps you need to finish with direct link. I need to jump from web page to another to make sure that I didn't miss any thing. 
The compass lectures felt like the repetition of Coursera lectures for the most part.
The assignments in Compass required a great deal of research over and above what was presented in in the Coursera ot H.E. Compass material. Made the course deliverables overwhelming.
The content on the two platforms was very complementary.
It seemed like the coursera portion was a bit disconnected from the live lecture portion, but that is probably due to different professors. Overall I found Jack & Jeff to be engaging in the live lectures and the casual flow of the lectures were great.
The Coursera module 4 or 5 needs to be fixed. The transcripts contain off-camera comments/edits.
The courses were very well structured and provided great continuity between each other. 
Coursera and Compass provided time flexibility 
high engagement case studies are focused only basics and process and not met my expectations compared to other high engagement cases. Most of the time students only talk about cases. Compared to the learning from other classes this is just basics.
I completed the Coursera portion over a year ago meaning I only had to go to Coursera for revision.
I understand the constraints, but having to work in two platforms is difficult to manage. Also must of the active learning is done in the coursera platform, but then that does not could towards your grade besides pass fail. 
I actually enjoyed the Coursera portion of this course more. 
Great Concepts
As this was my first class in the iMBA program, it was challenging to understand where assignments needed to be completed (including packback).
There seemed to be inconsistent grading of essay's which leads me to believe the materials in Coursera appeared more important than Compass.
It's challenging to manage 2 platforms. 
The information aligned. 
Course was okay. Some of the material, while relevant, was well aged. 
Would be better is both courses were taught by the same professor(s)
Cousera provided the learning content; Compass provided the discussion and application.  Great combination and the interviews were excellent. 
It would be beneficial if some of the compass activities were better aligned with Coursera - I would recommend combining the 2 video sessions. 
Prof Bucheli tied this all in very well. 
The Coursera part established a firm foundation that the Compass portion elaborated on.
The live discussion was so aligned to the coursera portion.  Just a great experience overall. 
Very hard to coordinate group writing assignment 
It works well that the basics are thought on Coursera and that the more engaging parts are done through Compass.
Having three platforms was confusing at first, but eventually I got the hang of it. 
Lectures were helpful, but peer review grading was poor, with focus on word count over context.
Compass was not used like other courses.   The live sessions rarely worked making it difficult for the application of coursera content in group settings
Both the coursera and the live content completed each other extremely well.
The Coursera and Compass work complemented each other nicely in conjunction with our live sessions. This was my first course as part of the Spring 2018 Cohort and was very impressed. It reaffirmed my decision to choose UIUC.
Great content!
I thought they worked well, although some of the assignment questions were a little ambiguous.
There was a little lag between topics covered in live session and their corresponding coursera lectures. Seems like we were supposed to start the coursera videos a week ahead from the start of the course so as to keep up with the pace. Would be helpful if things like these can be communicated upfront to students. 
Changing the material in coursera and then basing a compass assessment on the changed material it is unreasonable.
The high engagement section was light on content
It was  a nice experience.
Guest speakers on Compass were useful to drive concepts down.
They are not aligned
Class logistics were an oversight. They were not discussed for the most part. It is good to break ice otherwise, review where we are, what the expectations of the course is where we stand (warm up) before diving in straight into the breakout sessions.
The topics went together well and live sessions referenced the relevant coursera material.
The combination worked well for me. I was able to take all my primary notes in Coursera. Live Sessions were not necessary to attend in real time.
I did not need to attend live sessions to perform well in the course.
The Coursera portion of the course work was fine, the Compass portion was based on essays, which were extremely vaguely worded, ill-defined and focused on regurgitation of the words found in the professor's lectures, graded on a strict criteria excluding any inclusion of difference in opinions. This is my third masters level degree compounded by over 11 years of leadership practical experience, and I have yet to see such an important course delivered so poorly, that it makes me question the quality of the MBA I am paying for. 
I thought both platforms were very helpful.  I enjoy having the on-demand videos to revisit when needed.
I really liked the lectures with the professor in the business classroom. 
I was able to apply the knowledge gained from the coursera videos to all my assignments on compass. The videos on coursera are self-explanatory.
The case studies and topics covered in class helped to enrich the learning experience along with working in groups. 
The case studies and group work were well structured to the weekly content
Good integration through links in Compass. Good clarity in compass as to what tasks needs to be done in what system. The topics complemented each other very well. The compass Q&A forum was really helpful in resolving Coursera related issues.  
Coursera videos gave a good conceptual foundation. This was reinforced through the live sessions and the Packback graded discussions. 
I really like Professors Giancalo and Lowenstein.  I wish they instructed the Coursera portion.  This is the second course I've had with these gentlemen...they are amazing instructors.
Professors did not directly cover concepts taught in Coursera, I felt there is kind of a disconnect. Great discussions nonetheless. 
Coursera videos could have had more slides to help organize the information better. High engagement sessions  had good discussions but could go off on tangents often.
The Coursera components went smoothly, but the Live Case Study Activities were difficult. The first one was a disaster.
Compass activity has to be timely and graded - maintains quality and forces you to get things done. 
The combination provided me with a ton of information and I feel like I learned a lot. 
I did work on Coursera ahead of time gives me the advantage for Compass work.
This was my first iMBA class.  Thought the combination of Coursera and Compass worked well.
Good pace and length of material.  Very concise.  Some courses tend to get long.  This one did not!
Blackboard/Compass really needs to be upgraded to a newer (read: better)version.
I thought the content was great, and the presentation of it in Coursera was wonderful.  How professor Northcraft then utilized that content in Compass was lacking in my opinion.  The class was almost entirely theoretical as the guest speakers were all from academia and nobody was from the actual business world who could speak to how the concepts work in the worklplace versus what the professors thought based on their academic research.  The case study that we did with our groups was based on a 1980s management program which is 30 years old. 
Good use of readings and reinforcement in live sessions 
Multiple platform fatigue makes organization of course materials and assignments tough
The Coursera material was supplemented by the Compass lectures and assignments.
The coursera had more information than compass - probably because compass focussed on case studies and live sessions. 
Coursera had the most content for and complemented by compass it was a great learning. 
I took the Coursera classes in spring of 2016, so I had do some reviewing to refresh my memory on the content.
great in tandem.
Coursera portion was good as all the course material was included in there. Compass the high engagement portion needs some user friendly options to mark the completed activities, reminders emails or alert option on the assignment in compass can make it more effective. Graded questions (midterm and final) are heavily dependent on patent answers and no consideration were given if the answers are prepared in view of real world scenarios and experiences. I would enjoy if it is checking for the concepts rather than patents words.
Seemless integration of concepts and deeper dives
Would have been much more convenient to have everything in one place. I finished most of the Coursera work ahead of time, but some of the Coursera content got updated by the time the rest of the class was taking it
Coursera content was good, but live sessions were not very productive.  Too many participants repeating the same thing. Not a lot of added value.  Backpack assignments and interaction was confusing, not really good.  
A single platform would be ideal, one that helps you keep track of all your assignments like Coursera, but it's manageable. 
Three different instructors.  The compass live sessions add no value.
I thought that the professors good a great job of making sure that the lectures from Coursera were built upon by the assignments and live sessions in Compass.
The Coursera portion of this course provided very valuable reading lists (mainly from HBR) that I would never have discovered on my own. The content was clear and easy to understand and the case studies were rich as a learning tool. The Coursera content was a good supplement or pre-read for the Compass2g portion. Since the Compass2g session was driven largely by LCSA and Live sessions, it felt like a practical application of the Coursera content and I did not have to revisit the Coursera content a lot. The synergy worked for this course. The professor course notes were very helpful, it was my go-to resource for completing the module essays.
I really enjoy the Coursera platform as it helps to aid in the understanding of the material and is easy to reference core concepts.  
The course was extremely effective and I had a wonderful learning experience.,  only disappointment was with the grading of the compass essays. 
It would be ideal to learn on one platform instead of switching between two. It took some time as a student to understand and manage the flow between the two. 
The Coursera portion of the course was very well done.  The quizzes reinforced learning and the group activities were engaging and relevant.  The Compass portion was well aligned to the Coursera courses.  The grades in Compass were entirely driven by writing assignments which has unclear requirements.
Video lectures from the Coursera, Live case study activities and discussion with students in Compass were excellent education mix.  
The expectations for the module essays appear to be very specific, which made it difficult to focus on the learning experience.
The compass segment could be a little more detailed rather than just an assignment and discussion of the same.
It's still a little confusing for work with two platforms at the meantime. Some case studies are assigned in Coursera, while some in Compass. 
Once you're used to working in both it becomes easy.
Case study activities for Coursera and iMBA were very similar. The iMBA case activities were better since we could discuss them during live sessions/breakout sessions.I think Coursera case activities for iMBA students were redundant and overly burdensome in terms of meeting deadlines for both platforms.
N/A
Ideally, one platform would be better
Instructors are extremely articulate and knowledgeable.  It would be terrific if the classes were smaller, so students could have more interaction.
Everything seemed to make sense and tied together well. 
The lectures were very good and the readings on Compass complemented the lecture material well.
I believe that the compass portion of the content helped to enrich the coursera content. 
Coursera high engagement rubric did not encourage internalization of knowledge but more of a get the right basket of words in a response. The quizzes had limited selection of questions. The questions is where I really hone/diagnose my understanding of the course. If I have to retake a quiz and it has the same questions, I'm really just regurgitating the answer sheet. We need that challenge.
information synced up with both platforms.
The work was directly correlated. 
Very informative sessions.
due to the disconnect between the two it was sometimes hard to make sure I was in sync on the two platforms
I had taken the coursera course earlier so it gave an insight to what to expect. It helped me prepare better for the compass 
Was simple to use and straightforward.  No issues experienced.
I would like to see a single platform. Otherwise it was very well. 
Platforms both worked well together.
Public participation in coursera in addition to group in compass was complementary
To a reasonable extent, the combination allowed me work at my own pace.
The Coursera portion provided great information in an easy to understand way. The Compass portion, live case studies, were a great learning tool as well. The module essays were not, as the directions did not clearly explain what the professor was looking for. Also, after requesting clarification of the expectations from the professor, they were not appropriately addresses.
Coursera was more on the theory side which helped understand the concepts and Compass - live case studies were great from the stand point that it gave me a real classroom experience. 
It was great to have Compass be the "home" where the direction resides, but then rely on the Coursera component to have exposure to the recorded material and access to students even outside the program.
I love the integration of the two styles of video w quizes and lecture. It's effective to have the two versions.
Was smooth and were no issues.
The Coursera part felt the strongest. The Compass part felt rushed and disorganized. This includes many typos, wrong spellings of author names, poorly worded questions, and vague instructions.
Compass provided an upgrade for the materials in Coursera
I really enjoyed the videos through Compass, but the application essay's were difficult. I didn't feel like they particularly represented what we learned.  
I found that I didn't quite adjust to the change over from one week to the next with regards to Coursera and the Live class discussions.  It seemed disjointed at times without segue between.
I did not have a problem with the 2 platform system.  
I found the live sessions to be less effective specially discussing about homework for 30+ minutes. Would rather expect to tackle some new use cases in these sessions.
I feel like the Coursera and Compass portions had little to no correlation.  The Compass work added nothing to the actual learning experience, and the virtual meetings (Live Case Studies) were poorly organized.
Great class!
n/a
The Compass part required a NON CLEAR AT ALL packback post submissions. Even though I posted once every week as they required, they took me off marks because I posted a monday on one week and on thursday the next week (which is more than 7 days between them, but still once per week). I can not believe that this University allows these kind of facts.
I studied Coursera first, then attend live sessions to discuss with other students in Compass. In some modules, there are 2 graded assignments on each platform. It would be great if it's combined
Having two platforms is cumbersome - ideally courses would be delivered on one platform.
The Coursera lectures bring the basic and broad knowledge about the course, and in the Compass live session and assignment touch specialized and focused area discussion.
I am not a fan of Compass. Would prefer it all be on Coursera.
Right now i am working as Technical Team lead and SA so this learning is and will be beneficial for me. 
Coursera  had all the pertinent lectures and materials while Compass had all the assignments to enforce learning of the Coursera material 
The combination of the Case Study from Coursera and the LCS from Compass complimented each other very well every week.
The tight integration of both components really gave the impression of a single course on the subject rather than two independent (and possibly separable) parts.
The case studies built off of the Coursera material and help us to practice what we just learned
In this course, I liked how the assignments tied in with concepts learned in both the coursera platform and the compass material. 
assignments and reviews of this course are very subjective. 
There was not much mention about coursera work during live sessions and the compass and coursera assignments did not match always. So, both seem independent from each other but were quite manageable.
Learned key concepts in Coursera.  Had the opportunities to apply what we learned in Compass.  Live lectures were very good.
Overall the content of the course was good. The way Professor Northcraft chose to measure knowledge with essays did not seem effective at all as shown by other comments on Workplace. It felt more like keyword bingo where you didn't know for sure what was desired. In case studies and conversations felt great material but the essays on compass and grading structure around them were very demotivating and really detracted from the course for me.
It's never ideal to have content on 2 different platforms but this was still very easy to follow and understand, in terms of where to get what. One note that I did not like is that the 2nd Coursera module was called 1-4 but referenced 5-8 in compass. No points taken off for that because I believe that's a University format.
Both courses separately are very good and effective. The issue arrises of tracking multiple platforms; need to have Coursera portion ahead of Compass one. On several occasions I was stresses by the lack of ability to track progress and to stay current with the Compass subject and different case studies both platforms are offering at the same time. Because, Coursera main topics were always one week ahead of Compass.
It is a little disjointed feeling working in the two systems, but it works when you become accustomed to it. Only complaint is that the Pass/fail Coursera grading scheme seems to erode the quality of feedback as classmates are just trying to check boxes to complete.
The coursera portion provided a great foundation, in a format that works really well for me. I learn more from lecture discussion and experience than reading, so the ability to watch lectures - and pause/replay as necessary to make sure I got everything - worked great for me.
courser side is more extensive. Compass side helped with collaboration but I wish it allowed more explanation of topics by professors
The content was presented very clearly in coursera
The entire course was excellent. One of the best in the iMBA. In particular, the live sessions were extremely engaging and interesting.
There seemed to be a mismatch between Coursera content and Compass case studies in some modules.
There wasn't a lot outside of Coursera to be done, just case studies and packback, two tests. I found the peer review assignments in coursera ambiguous regarding the rubric. Peers all reviewed differently and the expected answers for questions were extremely particular so it was hard to know how to answer most questions. I also felt like there could have been more strategic topics that were better focused and detailed. 
Worked well
I liked the way we have Coursera for the Compass combined for the learning.
good content, current
It was very useful to get to know about the concepts in coursera and then learn them thoroughly in compass.  
Coursera content was very well organized however I felt compass portion was little less engaging and there was not much reading assigned. 
It was very confusing as to what was due and what was not. Also there was a lot of material to cover that didn't always gel together. 
worked ok together
Coursera content is excellent and well supplemented by class Notes provided by professor northcroft. However the essay subject choice  and the conduct of  live case study activity can definitely be improved to help practice new concepts from the class content. 
Thought there was a good integration of both for this class. 
I have really enjoyed the coursera coursework, but when comes to the high engagement class work, first two classes were okay after that rest of the classes were pretty bored. I would advise the iMBA committee to modify the coursework by adding lots of live examples discussing with the team. For examples, for each topic professor can discuss this case this is how the problem was solved. Professor can what are all the possible solution for the same case, since people look & solve the problem differently.
Loved the live case studies, really helped solidify the content.
back and forth between two platforms are not super efficient. 
The Coursera portion of the course contained everything that I took away from the course.  The Compass portion was both frustrating, poorly run, and demotivating.
The course was introductory in-nature, and Compass and Coursera materials were complementary.  There could be better software for the Live-Session Group activities though.
The Coursera material seemed like cliff notes -- very high level, not very much detail, rather vague on many topics. It didn't feel like adequate preparation for the high-engagement assignments.
Coursera material seemed better organized and structured than HE material.
It would be better if we can have every thing under one platform .
Coursera work was great but compass work tied in poorly and didn't follow a neat format.
The Coursera portion gave a good framework for what was taught in the high engagement compass portion
It worked well because it made it feel like doing work in an actual classroom. The Coursera lectures anf assignments were helpful in terms of giving an overview of what we were learning, while the Compass lectures/discussions and assignment targeted specific things and made it seem as if I were working in an actual classroom.
Coursera is a very good tool and much easier to navigate. I wish all course work are in Coursera.
The combination is nice. I love coursera. If there was more integration, that would be great too.
It was very fluid. After you figure out which parts belong to which platforms, it was very easy.
The combination was complimentary.  It is not a problem to go back and forth and use the two platforms.  The assignments in both were also complimentary
I did the Coursera portion 2 years ago.  It was what attracted me to the iMBA in the first place.  It was so great to have those assignments done and still be credited to me in the program.  I had to refresh my knowledge by watching the videos again and re-reading the articles, but that was so easy and really tied into the Live Sessions and activities.
We could have been listen deep details with some slides in live sessions
Did not learn anything from Packback.  Course would be much better with required discussions on HBR articles, but the packback experience provided negative value.
It takes some time to get used to the multiple platforms; with assignments on both platforms, it is like taking 2 classes for every 1 you sign up for. After a few classes, and discovering a system that works for me, I am fine with 2 platforms.
The team assignments in Coursera were frankly a waste of time.  The actual work/case studies were excellent, but the fact that these were not "graded" or "evaluated" in any meaningful way really brought down the experience.
It would be much easier to manage completed tasks on a single platform and frankly blackboard seems outdated in comparison. However, the quality of the materials in each are very good and Gregory Northcraft's passion for the subject comes through in the materials he prepares.
Coursera taught me the fundamentals and concepts, Compass allowed me to implement those skills.
Both portions were value added.
Overall, it was really helpful to learn about the concepts in slightly different ways through the two platforms. My only minor criticism would be that the final two weeks of the coursera modules did not closely match the content of the final two modules in compass.
The content didn't match up overly well.  The compass work was more focused on a series of case studies and discussing those.  Stronger connections could have been made to the weekly work between the two platforms.
The material was well maintained in both platforms.
I assume this is in the works, but a revamp of the Coursera videos with Professors Goncalo and/or Lowenstein would make for a much more cohesive experience.  The videos from Professor Northcraft were excellent in and of themselves, but I do like Professor Goncalo and Lowenstein's fresh ideas.
The material complemented each other and followed the same sequence 
The content was coherent and complimentary on both plataforms
"just the facts" from coursera combined with open-dialog of the high-engagement portion served me well
Toggling back and forth between Coursera and Compass is not ideal. I understand that this keeps costs down, but Coursera is limited in its ability to foster thoughtful engagement. Peer reviews and multiple choice questions mean creative thought and engagement is discouraged, and rote memorization and parroting back is encouraged. The Compass lectures seemed designed as if we were getting all the rigor and content from Coursera, and the "high engagement" lecture was just a forum for facilitating discussion.  However, with hundreds of participants, these discussions often were fairly surface level with people not really being challenged or pushed.  Compass course teachers asked us to read the required readings that were present in Coursera-- which in one case included a wikipedia article. It just didn't feel very rigorous. 
Mismatch of due dates between platforms and some technical issues in the live sessions were the only platform concerns. Communication from the professor was excellent to ensure clarity whenever these types of issues occurred. 
I thought the merging of the coursera and compass went seemlessly. 
The lessons felt a bit detached from one another.
I really enjoyed the Coursera and Compass combination. The Coursera got most of the background lectures and material out of the way and allowed the live sessions to be more about applying the lessons learned.
it didn't matter if it was on one or both platform 
Used to the platform now.  
Learning the concepts and having them reinforced by the HW and lectures was a great combination
-
Professor circling back and building upon the topics discussed on Coursera videos was great!
The Coursera course complements the Compass work well. Perhaps the essay assignment could have been less of a "regurgitate the material" and "look for keywords" kind of assignment. But as it is, I may not have the best idea (yet) how the assignment should be such that students could reap the best benefit. 
The coursera part of the course is very informative and it is adding value, while the compass activities and specially the live sessions are totally not adding any value. Which made the coursera part is stronger and better by all means than the compass part.
Course videos within Coursera combined with high engagement learning provided a good balance engagement and delivery of information.
The professor was very fragmented in his communication and he was incredibly unprepared for the high-engagement sessions. We are not supposed to teach ourselves, he should be generating not random conversations regarding non-related topics, but we should be bringing alive the topics that we spend ours listening too and reading. He was quick to throw the meeting into groups, with very little direction. It was a horrible experience and I was a high performer in the course, just so you know! 
I really don't see the value in having two different platforms.  It's just confusing and annoying.  Switch it all to Coursera or improve Compass 2g so it doesn't feel so backward.
The Coursera work prepared the basic concepts that were articulated in the live sessions through interactive scenarios.  It was a very effective learning method.
It is easy to follow between the two systems, well integrated.
There was a good balance and the connection between the high engagement portion and the Coursera portion was great.  
The availability and flexibility allowed for concepts to be learned at own pace, whereas the LCSA on compass were useful in applying those concepts. I found this dynamic to work very well.
Coursera felt modern and intuitive while the compass potion felt very clunky and outdated. 
The course takes a very conceptual content and enables students to see how critical it is to be able to recognize and apply these concepts in our interactions and strategies both at work and in life.
Compass instructions were often unclear, many students had questions and responses to questions were slow.
Good combination for understanding
It would be great to have one platform.  Between Coursera, Illinois and Packback it was a bit cumbersome.
I would prefer a single platform
Great synergy between the Coursera and Compass course materials.
I felt I truely grasped the concepts through case studies, groupwork, and live sessions. Maybe even more so than several of my undergrad classes that I attended live. 
It was a good balance of workflow between the two platforms. I think the number of group case studies could have been reduced. Perhaps, the Compass case studies could be the only case studies required. 
Material was good and hopefully useful in our career. There was not really any compass material. Most lectures were on coursera.
I like having them separate to help compartmentalize my activities
none
Live sessions were an hour and a half of students repeating the same concepts. Unique content would've been nice.
I just didn't use the Q&A Forum
deadline reminders for packback. live sessions focused a bit too much on class discussions and experience; would prefer more structured topics from professors.
The Live case studies would have had much more value if the technology platform worked better.
I would rethink the LCSA portion of this course. I do not think this technology platform was a valuable component to the course. I understand that it has interactive features. However, there were many technical issues with the platform and trying to understand assignments generally took way too long.  
Packback was ok but being external to everything else became another thing to juggle. If it was more integrated it may be easier to us. But also did not see the return of packback use. Feel the same results could be obtained within. Blackboard. 
Fewer team assigments
All is great
this course being very subjective, i would think a fairer marking schedule should be worthwhile. I've seen on multiple occasions where marks were reduced for not 'reproducing' 'word by word' context from videos. This would be a hypocritical take to the course content.
We didn't use the Q&A forums for most of this course.  We used Packback for posting questions and answering. I did not like Packback.  The format was not conducive to searching around and looking at other's questions and answers.  I couldn't find some sort of a simple way to just scan the entries.  You had to click in and go look one by one.  This is a time consuming method and often quite frustrating.  
The live sessions should have at least 15 mins of material that the professors are going through.
The staff responding to the technical support are phenomenal. Excellent! The deadline reminders were wonderful to get as well. The staff supporting this course, in general, were always on the ball, courteous, informative, and just a real pleasure.
Please offer a 3rd time zone option for live sessions
Reduce iMBA support's turn around time in responding to requests
My personal experience is that the subject matter is presented in a boring and dry manner - the professor just talks the entire time in something close to a monotone and keeps throwing jargon in your face. Also, there's a lot of repetition - the same sentence is repeated in different ways. It's not a difficult course; the method of delivery adopted by the professor does not hold my attention. I am so glad that this class is over.
Was not a fan of the "team" live case scenarios/hypotheticals. They were too contrived and fast paced to get to know team members well. Would have been better to have team review a journal article, submit a summary, and then hear a model presentation from the professor. 
platform fatigue....get rid of packback for good. UX in that forum was not very intuitive. You couldn't locate where you had posted in the past. Case study workgroups were useful and provided network time. Need more activities that drive collaboration. If we were on campus, we would be collaborating and networking.
N/a
n/a
Live sessions is expected to reflect and apply what is being discussed in the Coursera material.
Having a single place to review to understand progress towards completion of assighnments to stay on track
The primary challenge I experienced (and witnessed in the Q&A forums, heard as discussion among my peers in the group sessions, and saw on Workplace) was how the "essay" process and grading seemed irrelevant to our learning. I would like to have some discussion of what constitutes an "essay" in this class and how it is graded. A higher-level discussion of how this actually reflects our learning would be good, too. When students asked about this during live sessions, the instructor did not answer.
None
Calendar reminders for live sessions and due dates.
The live sessions were just a complete waste of time, the two professors really didn't teach anything, we would spend 90% of our time, listening to the same story over and over again from different people.   
The Live Sessions are getting so large I don't find attendance to be useful. But I love that I can watch the recorded version on 1.5 speed. I wish I could download it so I can watch it on my phone when I'm out of wifi range since I don't want to burn through my mobile data to watch the sessions.  The Class Q&A forum is great but would be more useful with better search/filter/notification features. E.g. if I could "follow" individual threads and get email notifications just for those threads.
Reminder emails are GREAT and a marker of a mature organization.
Great course.  More group assignments would be nice.
CAs answering student questions in the Q&A often missed the point, contradicted other CAs or even the professor.  Not every time, but they often created more confusion rather that clarifying.
Possibly a final project that lasts more than one week
With the very busy school and work schedules, getting reminder for all the deadlines is very helpful.
I think the packback platform was uneccessary and didn't really provide a way for me to respond to people who "answered" my question. They would post responses, but there was no way for me to engage. It was almost like a "live" version of yahoo answers, but without me being able to respond.
So far, I would rank this class dead last. Nothing new being taught in this class, everything was obvious. Professors should take a cue from what they are teaching. I suggest watching Professor Torelli's or Professor DeBrock's recorded sessions.
I request professors to balance the time allotment for students and need more rich content. Course era got more rich content than high engagement assignments. I expected exam will reflect the high engagement just like any other class but this is different. 
Reminders for live sessions would be useful as well, since they are not every week. 
Dump packback and use Compass forums instead 
I don't understand why the class Q&A forum is used for administrative requests like switching live sessions. This clutter in the forum causes useful threads to get lost. There has to be a better way for people to address administrative issues or grade questions.
Have Compass professors create Coursera recordings for better engagement. 
More consistent grading of essay's.
I do not think the grading and expectations of assignments was clear.  
Blackboard application needs to be further improved. Confusing at times. One live session failed entirely because Blackboard + TA assignments did not function together that day. 
Packback was not very useful.
Most of the class had concerns about grading policy, and pretty much each essay we submitted had to be curved. I suggest to revise grading policy. 
I would like a copy of each individual role experienced during the team exercises.
I found the live sessions to be not very useful. The discussions in separate groups were nice, but the rest was mainly a discussion between the professor and a few students, that wasn't always informative.
I felt very detached from live sessions and live case studies.   I understand the program is newer but at a master's level there were too many issues with connectivity and implementation of the sessions.
I recommend that different TAs grade the same person over the course of module..I always had one TA and was not very satisfied with his feedback
The calendar didnt include critical items such as the mid term and final exam.
Packback as a platform was not user friendly. 
more practice exams
Independently review the multi choice questions on Coursera, some of them have several correct answers depending on your mindset when looking at the questions.
More explanation on answers for quizzes in Coursera courses will help 
Find a way to get more people involved with such a big group. 100 is the max (probably too many)
imba-support emails were slow in responsinding. Q&A questions were even slower. Live sessions were good but there only being 1 office hours time that was solidly at 3am for me was not good. The module essays were hopeless and did not prove understanding of the material
imba-support have been very slow to respond and the responses were not helpful. The live sessions provided little insight into the subject. The Q&A forum gave good interaction between the students but the CAs/TAs were slow in responding if they responded at all and gave bland answers like "Dont worry your question will be answered"
This is sub standard and not ready for prime time roll out
Forum interface is not that user-friendly. Lots of back and forth to read through threads. If the interface could dynamically display content without having to reload a whole screen each time I click, I'd use the forums more. 
The lessons taught in Coursera were valuable and constructive. The Live Case Study activities were great practice when not being hampered by technical issues of the Blackboard Collaborate platform. I learned a lot of valuable information in these two portions of the course. However, I don't know that made final grade will accurately reflect my actual retention of concepts.  In live sessions and essay assignments, I did not feel the professor followed his own Coursera curriculum as he seemed out of touch with the student body. Grading rubrics of essays (the only real graded assignments) was confusingly specific. I learned and retained much from readings, Coursera lectures (not live sessions), and Live-Case Study Activities, but the language of my essays apparently addressed the wrong points. It seems I didn't understand the professor's expectation.
I thought the multiple choice questions were not well worded, and therefore it was easy to give an incorrect answer even when you knew the correct answer as you were trying to understand what they were asking. I can give more details about this if I look at my exam results but a few questions I knew the answers to and due to the fact it was multiple choice, my answers were therefore limited and I was given marks that did not reflect my comprehension.  Sorry, it's late right now and i am tired and need to go to bed, so I hope this makes sense.  You are welcome to zoom with me about it if you want to know more details about what I am talking about.  
The biggest challenge with this course was trying to figure out exactly what the TAs and the professor were looking for when it came to the grading of our essays.  
I wish the live sessions were a little longer and had fewer breakout sessions
Grading process done by TAs is very subjective and dependent on how TA interpret the answers. Sometimes even the questions in the modules were not clear on the objectives which were very important for students to understand in order to provide answers that meet the rubric based grading. Sharing of the rubric or clarity on objectives of the questions is important. 
None.
Office hours could have been at a more convenient time. Most people had another class to attend during the office hours and this made it hard to utilize this time.
600 people in a lecture is a very different experience to what the iMBA was offering 12 months ago and the deterioration in interactivity with the lecturers is noticeable. On a positive note having the two professors interact with each other in the lectures did enhance the experience
Continue using Packback- I think it was a useful activity 
None at this time.
Often times, the questions in the Q&A were not answered for several days
Class Q & A is helpful but difficult to search - seem to get too long - 
The feedback on our participation was very slow.  I wish we knew more quickly. 
Essay gradings and requirements did not align with general understanding. The professor is not considering open thought or viewpoint other than what he teach. Excellent professor but Not impress with restricted essay only grading with constrained personal view limited to 'Head' and 'heart' in each and every topic.
Live sessions were great.  
Compass could really use an upgrade.
Student Class participation can be somehow controller or moderated to utilize class time for teaching effectively
In the live sessions use those as opportunities to get guest speakers who have actual experience with the concepts and not just other professors.  
I would like to hear from more leaders in global companies (either by video or live) if possible.
N/a
So much negativity due to lack of adjustment from Professor
I wanted to read about a few more case studies and some original creations from the Univ of Illinois research. 
Live sessions were conducted on the same day once in the morning and once in the evening. This is very inflexible since it was difficult to align my work and course on that particular day. Please consider providing these sessions at different parts of the week. 
The essay assignments did not seem provide a lot of room for advanced analysis or creative thinking. I don't feel like they were an effective indicator of someone's understanding of the material.
examination grading based on patent answers makes it difficult to comprehend 
More content in the live sessions. Tons of time spent on student thoughts rather than instructor experience or knowledge. I think both are great, but would prefer a heavier blend. 
Live sessions should be more content rich. 
The live sessions added no value to my learning experience. This course needs a complete over haul in my opinion. 
In my opinion, the live case study activities (LCSA) is the most valuable portion of this course. I think it is underutilized. I believe it will be better if all the LCSA was consolidated into one on-going LCSA that is provided to the class at the beginning of the course and at the end o the course, the team is evaluated on participation, final report and group presentation. It may be difficult to craft, but it will be a good case study method of internalizing the rich course content.
The class Q&A forum was not run very effectively. There were questions asked and never answered in class or in the forum. The answers by TA's were not always useful especially in the first four weeks. It got better afterwards. 
Both of these features provide the most information to students about the course.  
I think Professor's style of delivery is different and at times it may get monotonous and may 'robotic'. It might be useful to have more interactive and live environment setup with plenty of q&a sessions, facetime, live coursework. The course grading/marking also needs to be more clear, the expectations from assignments to be more clear as there was clearly a disconnect for most students. We felt that we were penalized for both not using key words or using them.
The live sessions were not always related to the course material.  Although the guest speakers had really excellent inputs, we were not graded on that material.  The live sessions were also short at 1 hour, I think an hour and a half would have offered a better opportunity for discussion.  The Live Case Study tool was clunky and difficult to use.
The Class Q&A Forum tends to be too full of Coursera peer review requests... Please note that in terms of the 'features' listed on the previous page there were no "timed tests" in this class, and there was no final exam.  A key feature were the Live Case Study sessions, but these were not listed in this survey
One or two additional questionnaire assignment in Compass. Please consider the ZOOM for LCSA since Blackboard has some difficulties with a huge number of students from around the world.
The CA grading process was inconsistent when discussing with other students.  There were times when points were deducted without a sound rationale.  There needs to be improvements in this area.
please provide feedback on the midterms as well as final exams as this would help us better understands our errors and would help in pointing out and rectifying those issues.
Suggest to build more interface for the feedback of the case study. 
My only suggestion would be to have more thorough explanations for wrong answers on true/false questions on exams.  Although it may seem like you can always go back and look for the answer, a thorough explanation on reviewing the test results improves the efficiency of absorbing the knowledge the course is intending to transfer.  It's not about laziness.  I've found my class to be comprised of an extraordinary busy, talented, and ambitious group of students.  A small effort like that can go a long way in applying the knowledge quicker in their day job.  Most of the students don't have the time that brick and mortar students do to sit home and crunch the notes, live sessions, and readings.  I like to think of this special request as handing a cup to a marathon runner during a race.  We're already running; we just need that extra push to keep us going.  
The Live session seemed pretty pointless. The connection between the course learning and the live session was poor, as well as nothing to keep the students engaged. 
Deadline reminder e-mails would be more useful if one could opt-in or opt-out. I can't think of a single time in three years they have been useful to me. iMBA-support e-mails for even basic issues took several days to respond to. Improving response time would help the overall experience a lot.
a student provided a consolidated pdf of the lectures. I thought it was very helpful.
None
Live sessions were largely waste of time; live case studies a bit better.
I think the TA's should take more time in reviewing submissions while grading
Consider hosting the live sessions on two separate days, instead of twice on the same day per week.
None, really enjoyed the class and the professors.
Live sessions were always slow and choppy. This could be a problem on my end though so I take it lightly. Recorded sessions were always smooth.
None at this time
In Compass - I had trouble with file uploads - multiple times. The software in Compass couldn't read the files I attached --- first time. First time .docx file I uploaded and the content got deleted. TA released it and let me upload again. I uploaded a .doc file it worked. Next time it as the other way round. This issues I had multiple time during this as well as ECON 528 course.
No further suggestions for these 4 items.
I love the coursera component! It's visually engaging.
I wish there were a way to get more people to participate on video in the live sessions. The breakout sessions were good. Participation requirement was good. I wish the TA had stepped in to keep the chat on-task at times.
The flow of the Q&A section was not conversational because I think many people were trying to 'tick the box' to get participation points. Maybe giving extra points specifically for replying to someone would help
The grading on exams was not consistent with the open wording. It asked for A but expected A, B, C, & D
update technology
My main complaint about the live sessions largely has to do with things I don't think can be fixed.  This includes too many people in the room at one time, and the poor quality of questions.  I know the university is trying to improve these aspects, but they haven't mastered it, so I thought it worth mentioning.
The first exam was a bit confusing in terms of the short answer questions but it was improved for the final. 
n/a
Provide clear instructions on what we are suppose to do for the Packback instructions.
Clear assignment instruction, fairly fast response from TA/CA
I think this course is a tough one to deliver by distance platform.  The content was very relevant to me, but I'm not sure I got as much as I could have gotten from a more interactive presentation.  
may need to have more feedback for the assignment completed
I work full-time M - F and attend classes on campus at UIUC on Mondays and Wednesdays. I was unable to attend most Live sessions.  For future classes, I recommend Monday mornings and Thursday evenings.  
I saw sometime we have 255+ people for this course may be there could be some restrictions per class per number of students.
I think the professors should make more effort to bring everyone in the participatory process so that everyone feels part of the class. 
It would be great to have more live case activities that allow or actual discussions after the debriefing 
This is the first course in my almost two years in the iMBA program where imba-support took days to respond back, and in a couple of cases, I had to send a reminder to let them know my ticket was still pending.
Better ways to incorporate packback to current week's main topics.
The blackboard platform was very clichy and during one of our live assignments could not even do the activity. Their mobile app is very limited as well which is frustrating for those traveling away from a computer.
make assignments less ambiguous. make grading more objective and clear.
No suggestions.
I had issues with grades not loading for several weeks, and the responses from imba-support came very late.  
The live case study activities were on blackboard collaborate. The platform was a little clunky but the TAs/facilitators were not prepared and was always fairly frustrating. Seemed like platform only worked ok as well, would suggest looking at other options for those instead. 
Please reference my note about Coursera and Compass having different course numbers from week 5-8.
I did not appreciate the email response I received from iMBA support with regards to grading inquiry of one of the assignments. I had a legitimate claim to recoup points and instead of the expected response of a forward onto a TA I received a response that "I should think of my grade over the entire course," and "it can be difficult to get used to new grading."  Aside from the fact that I needed these points to receive employer tuition reimbursement these comments were belittling and imply that my claim was not worth addressing. If your going to force us to use one email for all course inquiries can I at least get a response from someone that is part of the class instead of belittling generic comments like these?
1) Refer to the readings more - either on quizzes, exams, or live sessions. You've assigned them; they're incredibly interesting, supposedly they're required for iMBA students. But we almost never heard about on any exam or live session. 2) Not so much reliance on case studies that require friends/colleagues. It was fine a time or two, but my network is not that big, and it became burdensome on my friends/family to keep asking them.  3) Make sure the case studies are relevant to the subject matter. For example, the exercise on the airlines seemed more appropriate for microeconomics than negotiation. And a two-round exercise led to someone cheating, with no recourse for the others. A third round would have led to everyone defecting, which is more true to market conditions.  4) When we got into topics of employee motivation, I felt like we were discussing one of maybe 20 or 30 theories, but the subject matter was presented at "this is how it's done". I expected more openness to discussion on other approaches, new learnings, etc. 
The Q&A forum could use more modern forum features such as thread tracking, thread on top once replied, etc. to improve the effectiveness of the Q&A
I am not sure if it makes sense to rank features from most important to least important. They are all useful in a complementary manner.
Why Power Points?  I am well into my career and have never needed a power point and do not foresee that changing.  I am not going to spend the time to learn that program and how to maximize that application for one class.  Hopefully that doesn't cost me a letter grade.  I mailed in the last one because of my frustration with the program.  
I think there was a lot of talking and to much 'what do you think leadership is' in the live sessions. So I only attended a few of them, since it seemed a waste of time.
The live sessions were really frustrating. To spend more than an hour talking about one question or topic was redundant and led to poor value and use of time. Essentially, the instructors would just present one question or the most recent case study and spend the ENTIRE class having students respond. Zero teaching or reviewing actual materials we had learned on Coursera. Never answer questions or review questions people have asking in Q&A. Also, a lot of frustration with questions on the midterms and they didn't care at all to address any of them in live sessions despite the widespread comments from the entire class posted online. 
none
none.
the individual assignments could be very heavy - a 20 slide PPT with annotations on a topic be a lot of work
Live sessions should be more interactive.
None
I felt we spent too much time in discussing the same material during live sessions.  Most of the class was discussion on peoples group or breakout session topic and not course material. I would have preferred a better balance.  We should have 2-3 people provide discussion point then move to course material.  I felt that I could have never attended a live session and still would have been successful in understanding the coursera material, breakout discussion, group assignments, and test/quizzes. Also, felt that packback wasn't value added this could have be done in the class q&a or via the coursera forum. 
The course is not well designed.  It relies too strongly on terminology which we are tested on and not the actual implementation of the terminology.  There are far too many questions looking for the right words/terms in the answer than actually reviewing and interpreting the answer.  Live sessions were also very bland with nothing of importance to exams, assignments or case studies.
Live sessions should extend to 90 minutes as most sessions had almost no time for more then 1-2 questions. Live sessions should bring industry professional as guest speakers as well .  Live case study activity should be focused on course concepts application and should follow an immediate debrief session by professor to explain his experience of activity which he should generate by visiting different team rooms in live case study. 
Less opinions of members
The grading system in the course does not reward critical thinking, but rather reiterating course concepts.
live sessions are not dynamic enough. most of the time professors just ask students ask a question or iterate their thoughts, and professors react base on that.Hope to have more vivid instructions on the course itself from professors. 
I think there is a significant process flaw in this course related to the grading rubric used to grade the module essays (this makes up 80% of overall grade)
The live sessions were basically listening to two people ramble on about topics that the students brought up during the session. The lessons should have some structure to them.
The software for the live group activities could use improvement.  The UI was a bit clunky.
On the deadline reminder emails, you might consider employing a bit of behavioral psychology. Instead of saying, "we noticed you haven't submitted your assignment yet" -- which feels like nagging when there is still at least 24 hours to go before the deadline, you might say, "25% of the class has already submitted their assignment." Or just simply, "don't forget, your assignment is due tomorrow."
Live sessions were all student discussion and felt like a waste of time.
none
Merge compass and coursera platforms under one platform
More office hours options would be great. Or extend them to 2 hours as opposed to one, to give people the opportunity to participate. Having live sessions on a weekend would also go a long way (like professor Dutta does for her BADM 572 course).
Class Q&A can get disorganized. Better categorization and upvoting responses is needed.
The technology available to the instructor is limited while being off-campus.  He was attempting to have group discussion and the effectiveness of that was severely limited without the studio.  There were no examinations in the course, only the Coursera quizzes.
Office Hours are only during normal business hours so that makes them less accessible to many like myself.  The Q&A forum consists of a lot of whining, but I don't think you can change that much.
Get rid of packback.  It was a complete waste of time and provided negative value.   Add more student discussions on academic articles such as HBR.  
Instructors to be more involved w/ the discussion board. Grade assignments faster  Some test questions are worded ambiguously & don't test the material, rather test understanding and interpretation of the question. Professors should use & implement the concepts taught in the course and engage the students in discussions rather than allowing the same group of people talk in class.
Grading did not align with understanding and application of the material in our own words. 
The live sessions did not seem to coincide with the lessons in the class.  They seemed like independent learning material that was not covered in the class.
More case studies
Everything seemed to work just fine.
I found myslef frustrated by the essays that were to be written.  At the beginning of the course it was clearly stated that the concepts should be addressed in your own words to esnure student comprehension. However, following that approach did not serve me well. After posting on facebook workplace that I wanted to improve my scores, another student educated me on how to score well by ensuring that I stated exact key words\phrases in my essays. Subsequently I received high marks and one was returned with a spreadhseet of key words\concepts paired with the same from my essay proving the other students point. I understand that with the large number of students it can be difficult to grade in any other fashion. However, please provide fair advice so that students can do well in th course.
Keep the good work.
Less "formatting" requirements for assignments. Content trumps style.
The blackboard interactive tools need improvement. It's not easy to use the Write/Draw tool and the user interaction is slow. LCSA instructions need to be both verbal and written. Often times students don't get the verbal instructions and the TA has to repeat it. Written instruction provide information to those who turn up a few minutes late. 
the class was just okay. Professors were engaged but would like to have seen testing done differently.
Stronger connection between the coursera and compass material.  More reading on leadership and a greater workload would have made the class better.
Not to harp too much on Packback but I did not find it to be much better than Compass and appreciate that Packback and iMBA recognized this and initiated refunds.  Compass in and of itself is merely OK - it could use an update as it has not changed much since I was at Illinois for Undergrad ~10 years ago.
None 
I would suggest improving the assignments so students are not required to ask for grade review from TAs
featured worked as they should
I think that there should be more opportunities to earn points than just the short response essays and group case study. Or the style of grading should be made very clear from the beginning of the course.
Provide good readings besides HBR maybe a text book or other readings related to the videos on coursera   More videos explaining the concepts more deeply Increase live case studies Live session for explaining more concepts or same concepts deeply  
Good course.
Downloadable videos on Compass
Class Q & A Forum could have a more timely response. On several occasions, I do have to email to both "imba-support" and post on Class Q&A Forum to see which end I get a faster response. 
The power point presentations with notes at the bottom were a little confusing on how to do.  What goes in the notes vs on the slide are, in a way, a little redundant.
The professors need to prepare well or redesign this course, Myself and most of my colleagues have a feeling that this is just a filling course and even the professors are not well prepared
Improvement in the mobile app in order to access Blackboard in a more user friendly way. Mobile optimized content on Coursera is very good. It would be beneficial if Compass content worked similarly.
I like packback. But, I don't the surprise when I have pay extra for the service. 
new professor who can articulate the live sessions more effectively. 
The class forum is not very effectively organized.  Too many posts related to finding group members for assignments.  Can we just get rid of that problem and come up with a better way to find groups?  It's really onerous for no reason and clutters up all of the social platforms.
The rubric for the written assignments in Coursera suggested a restatement of the learning versus an extension to real life experience.  Because of this, I had to re-write most of them after reading the rubric and as I read other student's contributions, they all sounded the same.
Flexible office hours and more IMBA campus conference 
I can't think of anything at this time
The q&a forum on compass is very disorganized 
A live chat option would be good for time-sensitive technical support
There was some initial confusion regarding the essays in this course. I feel that the very subjective nature of the material is the reason why grading these essays is a challenge. Students felt that they were penalized for applying concepts in their own words. Perhaps not calling these essays but instead calling them something like "writings to apply concepts" may make things more clear. I personally enjoyed these exercises because leadership concepts seem very intuitive when someone else is presenting the information but you appreciate the value of these concepts when you are asked to place yourself in a situation where you have to apply them. All in all, the experience was very useful to me.
Responses to questions in Q&A should be more timely. There were instances where they were not and students in the program often have limited time windows where they can complete assignments due to other obligations. I suspect this is not the fault of the TAs, but rather, the fault of the professor being slow to respond to the TAs who acting as the conduit.
I think the course is good the way it is. The exam questions were somewhat tricky but I would expect them the way they were. May be the questions can be less tricky next time.
It would be great to be on one platform.
More real world examples to be included as team assignments.
n/a
The chatting window needs to be moderated. There is so much irrelevant chatter going on I stopped looking and prob missed some useful comments.
Live session discussions we're very repetitive. Contributors just repeating opinions said before 
Live sessions were skipping for video or audio at time.  
During the live case study my group members weren't able to hear my audio
I received a late notice three days after my essay was turned in. It was difficult to tell what assignments I was receiving credit for. This may be more of a grading process problem rather than a tech problem.
Please refer back to my thoughts on the LCSAs. 
Coursera had intermittent error messages indicating that I could not access or submit an item until purchasing the course, which I already had.  This was resolved through contacting Coursera. 
Exam platform crashes during timed exam, then auto submitted the exam with out finishing
bad videoconferencing 
I haven't figured out if it's on Illinois' end or on my end.  Around 4:00 - 7:00 PM CST, the ability to log on, and keep connected seem to be spotty.  My ISP is Comcast, so I suspect its just that everyone comes home and turns on their computers and the speed of the internet dramatically slows down and sometimes even drops. 
Recorded video playback is not seamless on mobile devices.
Not sure if this is a compass issue, but I had a more difficult time with BlackBoard.
Disconnection during LCSAs 
The online platform is more stable than the app version. I started with the blackboard app which had a lot of issues. When i switched over to the online version after complaints to support team. The experience improved.
Packback not value added as an additional platform.
When Using blackboard collaborate, I couldnt write on the whiteboard during all live sessions
I continually had a login issue. Technical support directed me to clear the cache on my browser. This was an annoying extra step to log in each time and I'm not sure what caused it.
Blackboard is crappy
Professor's screen sharing had few issues in the initial zoom sessions
The live case study sessions had many glitches. It would knock us out a lot. Then a lot of problems with some the group collaboration features. There was such a delay it could be hard to work on things together. 
Often during LCSA we sat for long periods either waiting for instruction or for the server to populate our breakout groups with participants. We are working professionals and don't have twenty minutes of our day to waste waiting on a server.
links not working at times
Module 8 live session recordings were never uploaded
Subtitles are wrong in some modules.
The software used for the live case studies was awful. I had issues at least three times using this, which impacted how much I got out of the case.
Blackboard
I was kicked out of every live session when we were sent to breakout rooms.  I received an error message that said server busy and had to reconnect to the live session.
Bad connectivity.
Took a long time to upload assignments and safeassign
Live lecture streaming issues on the UIUC-side
I don't like the 'dashboard' not showing more of what is outstanding; when you have multiple courses, you have to drill in side to verify it was just a submitted awaiting grading issue; also after you complete the course, it stays pending for far too long (more than a week);  I wish Coursera dashboard was updated instantly and as soon as a course is complete, it should state that too.
Video lagging and cutting out happened almost every class. Only once was it bad that I felt like I missed something. 
Live sessions were unorganized.   2 sessions in particular we were unable to perform the task at hand due to connectivity.
The link to the recorded videos were incorrect at times. The Blackboard compass interface is not working as well as Coursera and Kaltura does not play automatically
Live case activities didn't work on my home PC. I often had to arrange to borrow a laptop which isn't always feasible on Sunday mornings
Inability to participate in virtual classroom with group members, Blackboard connectivity issues
live session marks were not aligned. 
Icon to add comments in some forum sections were not available where it should be, but was corrected by the tech support.
Coursera occasionally has slow server related response issues. Need to wait some times until recovery achieved to continue
the live case studies on zoom were plagued with technical difficulties
This course used the collaborate tool and it was sometimes "flaky" and unreliable. I had only one or two issues, but others in my groups using it had more issues. Each time we did a group activity using collaborate, at least one of my team had issues with dropping connections, no/poor audio or some combination. 
This response pertains to experiences with Blackboard Collaborate, for which there were issues every session.  One example, which may be difficult to describe here - in the El-Tek LCSA, TAs described the flow of the activity to everyone at the beginning of the session.  Step 1. We'd be placed randomly into a room (this would be our team for negotiations) and given time (20 min, I believe) to discuss our side of the negotiation.  Step 2. We would move ourselves into the opposing team's room and have 45 minutes for negotiations.  During our time in room 1, TAs changed names/numbers of all the rooms, so when we moved to room 2 for negotiation, there were three teams confused about who belonged there. 15 minutes passed before a TA finally settled the dispute. This left little time for the intended negotiation. I don't recall what I wrote in my essay following this LCSA, but I believe my writing and consequent grade was affected by this experience.  
Some sound issues.
Sometimes it would take lot of time to upload essay, grading page jumps from showing grades to disappearing the next day- causes confusion. 
I couldn't get into the compass course content for some reason. It would simply get stuck on my blackboard landing page but when I clicked on the class, it wouldn't navigate to the course page. I thought it was my internet but other pages like google/yahoo loaded fine.
Lost connection professors had to relocate.
Mainly audio issues in blackboard 
One time only, the live session video that was posted did not have any content -- it only showed a computer desktop. It was fixed the following Monday but not in time to use it for the assignment.
The first Live Case Study Activity was a disaster. The TA team hadn't learned the platform well and we had permissions turned off, non-functional links to instruction documents, and unclear explanations. Things cleared up for later activities, but the first one was horrible.
I had an issue with the submission of my mid term, not sure if it was the systems fault or my own connection issues, either way the support team was great and able to help me through the issue.
Packback did not save a question that I asked so I scrambled to rewrite it before the deadline and did not receive many responses because of the timing.
The BlackBoard app used fo the Live Case Study Assignments wasn't really user friendly and was much more complicated to use than either the Coursera platform or the Zoom platform used for the regular Live Sessions.
Compass' limitations caused numerous issues. Not being able to speak or use video when there are more than six people in a room. The very clunky whiteboard space and the related tools in the rooms were a very frustrating experience. 
A couple of times, the professor's video locked up.  Could just have been an internet bandwidth/access issue.
Initial issues getting the accounts to sync with the iMBA coursework.
There were technical issues with Blackboard Collaborate during the first live session.
Bandwidth issues with live sessions and dropping off the platform.
Connectivity or bandwidth issues during live sessions.
There was a lag between audio/video between the participants during one of the Live Case Study Activities. Maybe it was because of poor connection at the participants end. Generally I have not had technical issues.
My difficulties were with the meeting collaborate tool used for the live case study.  I could not get the camera to work, sound was rough, and even though we had an instruction session to learn the tool, there should be written guidance provided (like an SOP) that students can reference.
Problems/ action delays on the Blackboard during LCSA
Sometimes it was difficult to access recorded sessions.
Distorted voice recordings of the live sessions. The recordings would crackle a lot. The live sessions would deteriorate in quality of streaming occasionally.
Not related to Coursera or Compass, more about Zoom.
Most of the issues were with playing lectures. Live Session recordings on Mediaspace lacked quality control. Several weeks were posted without sound! Coursera is as buggy as usual. The platform loses track of where in recordings we left off, skips some recordings (but marks them as played), et cetera. It seems like it's a different kind of bug every month with Coursera.
I never experienced issues with coursera, have had some technical difficulties with zoom, but I don't necessarily believe that to be compass' fault. 
live session did not load and paperback did not launch
A lot of issues in the LCSA sessions.
They were more related to packback. 
Copy and paste and typing was wonky in the textboxes
Trouble registering for classes, trouble with class due dates not matching in between platforms, trouble submitting assignments as a word or pdf, all minor but frustrating.
Difficulty uploading assignments
Blackboard hangs during live case study activity.
I addressed this earlier. 
Had trouble getting access to comments around the group assignments to be able to improve.  Not sure this was really a technical problem, or maybe there weren't comments on the group assignments themselves...
Coursera subtitles sometimes would misalign if there had been a retake.
Live Compass group classes, I kept being dropped from my working group and had to get re-added.  I believe that was the Blackboard application
Occasionally the system would freeze and I wouldn't be able to use it, but eventually this stopped.
There were some issues about the content updates and when each assignment was due. 
n/a
While finishing the case study i was suppose to get the video but when tried to open it was unlock/finish the prior task which i already did , Interestingly when i tried  to reach to 24*7 coursera tech support chat i was able to view the video , It happened  3-4 times to me.
Compass page expirations or unable to log in, download lecture slides or transcripts. It would be great to just have one hug zip file download for all the content of all the modules. 
With blackboard application during live case studies.
Not so much a problem with compass but rather a technological difficulties with the blackboard program. Also, the grading on compass seems to be all over the place without any real definition of the grade given.
compass collaborate was a problem initially.
Coursera - I had to start the peer review assignment over for the mod 1 and mod 4 because I did the work, paid for the course, and when I returned, the work did not save.    Grades not posted on time.  imba-support was only moderately responsive.
Issues continually with Live Case Study Activities using blackboard collaborate. With Professor Northcraft being remote too I didn't feel the lectures with him were quite as polished or professional as the classses now instructing from the iMBA studio.
I only reached out for clarification on a score. 
Once I had a connectivity problem on Zoom Live Session, very frustrating, as it was my live session performance.
The app wouldn't allow me to complete some of the discussion assignments. 
The blackboard LCSAs audio and video issues happened occasionally. 
Initial LCSA sessions had technical issues.  
They made too many mistakes posting stuff. Course was administered very poorly. A lot of mistakes and confusion.
response and feedback from TA's on paper grading was non existent.  responses on Q&A were defensive and authoritarian
The live session group activity software did not work for our Tanagram activity.
Coursera quizzes are pretty sloppy. Often there will be questions that pertain to material that hasn't been covered yet. The wording of questions is ambiguous. 
Packback was not working for several weeks. Lost 9 points despite emailing to several people about it!
Compass videos don't load sometimes and are difficult to navigate 
The leadership course should be about creating dynamic leaders and it's important to have professors be dynamic leaders who practice what they preach, implementing the concepts taught.
Major technical issues with Blackboard live sessions. 
Mainly with blackboard collaborate where at times the video or audio was choppy due to bandwith issues.
Technical issues with audio and video on compass.
Primary issues were Packback
I had to request pointsfor the 2 of the live sessions but not a big deal
Internet connectivity issues more than anything else.
Sound issues during Compass lectures.  
Live Case Study activities - technical difficulties appeared to have been a result of lack of coordinating among the TAs . 
I had problems submitting and I also had issues with compass not loading, I think it was down but there was no notification.  If you look at the Q&A you will see a lot of messages mirroring that.
In the last Module 8 assignment, our team couldn't attach the PDF files to the Compass Blackboard site. If it weren't for the timely response of the TA's at imba-support, we might have really missed the cut-off time and deadline. As it is, we managed to finally submit our team assignment (Au Bon Pain) ~54 minutes before the cut-off time of 11:59 p.m. on March 14th. 
The app is strange
I was not able to watch recorded live sessions.  The video playback loaded sporadically and made it impossible to watch.  It wasn't related to my web connection and the problem persisted.  I also found Compass to be frustrating because links don't work.  You have to go to the login page first and I can't bookmark pages that are relevant to me.  Coursera is much easier to work with, but I did have a few issues there.  It would say that I hadn't answered a question when I had and I had to figure out some tricks to get Coursera to catch up.
A student shared his confidential work by mistake during the live session and it took a while to remove it.  Other than that, no significant issues.
For some reason the videos would not play under my home PC...it would work with my work laptop (ad blocker been the issue, perhaps?)
Sound issues on the recorded live sessions
Page time out issues. Being kicked off Compass. Unable to upload documents after multiple attempts.
I was trying to edit a short answer in the midterm exam and when I hit a backspace my browser went back and I couldn't re-enter the exam. Luckily imba support fixed it for me, but I had to re-enter all my answers as part of the fix. 
Finding out how to upload and submit assignments took some getting used to. Also sometimes there were problems uploading files. But nothing that was not resolved at second attempt.
I would still like more opportunity to work with classmates beyond group study assignments. It's early but I don't feel apart of UofI student body. There are other students my cohort who seem to have questionable levels of professionalism and generally don't seem like good students.
I think for a graduate school-level course, this Professor Northcraft's grading style needs to be revisited. Many students complained about his grading rubric, and although he provided a curve to all grades, I do not think the grading reflected the amount of work and effort that goes into this type of course. Having to to be somewhat "robotic" in our answers are not reflective a graduate-level course. For example, the grading for all of the essays that were given in this course (80 % of our grade) were poorly evaluated. In 250 words or less, we had to identify and define key words used in the lessons (in our own words) while trying to answer the question. If we missed a word or certain point (sometimes subjective), we were deducted points. I understand that different professors have different grading styles. However, this one was extremely poor and had an adverse effect on how my experience in the course. 
I got someone else to apply yesterday
Extremely satisfied about the level of flexibility it gives, the group work aspect (forcing you to interact) and the quality of the coursework.
High quality courses; exceptional faculty; excellent course delivery
I really thought that the graded essays were unfair.  There was a very specific answer the professor was looking for and students were penalized severely if they didn't have that specific answer.  There was little to no guidance on what the professor was looking for.  Questions about the graded essay were asked during the live session but the professor would not address them.  He did address them a bit over one email, but by the time he addressed it, there was little time to do the essay before the deadline.
Interaction is difficult for me because my time zone and mother tongue are very different to other students
I love the ECON course - professor DeBrock is great!
I think the platforms and technology are great. The staff and professors are excellent. Same for my classmates. 
The course is interactive and relevant
The material in the course is invaluable for an individual in a managerial position
I appreciate the flexibility of this program and that it caters to a variety of learning styles. 
Excellent so far! I am in the middle of the program, and looking towards taking rest of the courses asap!
I thought the course material was very applicable towards my career goals and also for my personal goals.  
The course material is great, but the last course essay instructions and grading were not good. It was understand what the professor is wanting. 
I would expect an MBA to be more challenging. My undergrad leadership and economics courses were better. I got more out of reading Work Rules! by Lazlo Bock and Winning by Jack Welch than the course.
Great experience!  The IMBA has exceeded my expectations.
I find the courses to be challenging but inconsistent.
I am a PMBA student and wish the iMBA course scheduled aligned with my classroom schedule better. It's challenging to manage the different course start and end dates. Also, I have work during one of the live session times, and class during the other so I was only able to watch recorded versions of the live sessions for this class. This is my 4th iMBA class and it is the 3rd that I was not able to attend live sessions for, given my schedule. It would be nice to have live sessions on a Tuesday or Thursday evening instead on Monday or Wednesday - as PMBA students taking iMBA electives might be able to attend Tuesday or Thursday evening live sessions. 
Interesting topic and very useful. Lack of clarity on grading and some "mandatory" unclear expected during assignments made this course less interesting than what it could be. Some of the live sessions were great, while others we either run into technical issues with Blackboard or did not have enough time to read and understand the deliverables of the live session.
"Group high engagement activities" are too difficult to coordinate with my schedule 
At the end of this journey, I feel profoundly enriched in knowledge and in my professional network.
Trying to get used to part time studies and has been stressful juggling between work and study. Knowledge is valuable though.
Flexibility plays an important role in my assessment.  
I am very thankful for this program and how it has impacted my life.
I see things have been improving in terms of networking and career resources
I am satisfied although I think the program needs to consider how they can scale it as it grows. With significantly more students involved, it is harder to get more interaction with the professor.
The other course I took balanced out the disappointment with this one.
Overall the course had been a good experience. The issues tend to be more with the organisation of the individual courses rather than the content.
This is sub standard not ready for Prime time. The TA are not qualified they grade blindly on assigments where students spent several hours. The coursera and compass are not aligned, Very poorly organized. I did not expect this from a institute like UIUC
Just getting started, but enjoying so far. 
I am loving my experience in the iMBA
I find the concept and the course selection excellent. That said, the low level of BADM508 left a really bad impression about the course. As it is one of the first courses it makes me wonder about the quality of MBA as a whole.
It's been very surprising the level of instruction and quality of the students and material. 
This is my first course. Overall the experience was good. I did find some room for improvement.
Great material and I get to learn from home without taking time off work.
508 and 528 courses are good to start with except essay debate on 508. Overall good experience. I thought Digital Marketing, in the beginning, could be a good start with the excitement of good content.
The program has exceeded my expectations which is why I chose to become an iMBA Ambassador. 
I have only taken 2 classes so far.  BADM 508 and ECON 528.  The Econ class was phenomonal.  The Coursera and Compass parts were really well done, the content was relevant (he even updated it to account for the recent elections and changes to healthcare that was going on during the class), the group work was meaningful, and I feel like I actually learned a lot.  The BADM 508 class was terrible. The professor had links to last years content in his courses so apparently has not refreshed the class in a while, the guest speakers were useless, and his translation of content to live discussions and course work were terrible and a waste of time. 
Incosistency in grading from class to class.  I say it over and over again along several others and nothing is done, ever...  Hence the major lack of enthusiam for these surveys.
iMBA has been an eye opener for me to certain areas of business which I wanted to learn. 
The content of the courses so far has been very relevant
I've enjoyed the classes and I think the online platform is working well.  My classmates seem like a really good group of people and the professors have all been enthusiastic about their subjects and have been approachable and willing to engage with students.
Perfect balance of cost, content, reputation and flexibility.
My first course. Nothing to compare with
The iMBA experience has been a rewarding one. I'm happy with the course content, the delivery style and the flexibility it provides for my schedule. There are few things that could certainly be improved - more networking, more interactive delivery, one platform etc. - other than that I'm happy with what I've got so far.
This particular course's assignment requirements were unclear and required students to find key words or phrases and incorporate them in a very mechanical fashion.  Writing about management is a much more organic experience than this class allows.  If the teacher wants to review students with such strict and specific criteria, it would be well advised to discontinue the writing assignments and just have tests.
Flexibility and quality provided
my first course
Aw, c'mon! I've done this 20 times already. It's a ridiculously good value. My low expectations coming in have been blown away. Now I need to figure out how to build an alumni engagement network that is at least as effective.
Taken 2 classes so far. The professors were excellent. Very knowledgeable and passionate about their subjects. I learned a lot from both classes.
Some of the classes and instructors are better than others; not all of uniform quality.
I am only moderately satisfied after taking two courses due to the fact that so far there has been a disconnect in material tested on quizzes and exams versus the material taught in lectures. On some examinations/assignments this disconnect is more than others and I also assume that this gap is based on the specific class and the instructor. This disconnect makes it tough to stay motivated when I understand the class material well, but then examinations test material that was not necessarily taught. Many of my fellow classmates also feel this way.
My satisfaction stems from the fact that I feel I'm able to put what I learnt into practice right away
High: I have taken 2 classes, and I like it. I learn new concepts every day.
Very satisfied as a whole, however this was hands down the worst executed class from an assignment and grading perspective. The information provided was very relevant and i will use it moving forward in my career.
I am highly satisfied with the course contents, Professor's passion to teach and overall iMBA experience. 
It is early on in my degree and I look forward to further courses.
it's the best bang for your buck out there, but the networking/alumni aspect is lacking
the entire iMBA course works are very well organized and I see the efforts of many people, and I know students including myself enjoy taking the courses. Especially studying 100% online with Coursera lectures and Compass work combination is great for learning experiences. 
I would definitely like more exercises and engagement for not just educational purposes but networking.Exposure to case studies from different countries to understand the cultural aspect of leadership. 
Flexible
So far the program has been good. Besides the technical issues with Blackboard, I have enjoyed working with my group. I have not actually accessed any of the live sessions but moving forward I plan to attend at least one.
Material has been great and have loved interacting with wide amount of classmates.
I thought the course was challenging and allowed me to use concepts immediately at the office. 
This is my second online masters degree. The iMBA would rank much higher if not for the ambiguity of grading in the classes I have taken so far. My group and I challenged and received additional points on more than half of the assignments. I know that mistakes happen but this occurred way to often.
I think all courses taken so far are well planned, organized, executed, and of high quality. Although it would be beneficial to have more networking/interaction opportunities with the rest in my cohort, i realize being long distance and all working professionals, the level of interaction has been great!
I put "very satisfied" instead of "extremely satisfied" because I think that BADM 508 essays could be improved.
I am very happy. This degree is perfect for me.
I'm in the PMBA program, not iMBA.
Courses in general have been poorly administered. The TA's and professors made a lot of mistakes and caused a lot of confusion.
very unhappy with BADM 508 grading approach to module essays (this makes up 80% of overall grade)
the courses are relevant to the business activities in the real world and really helpful to the career development
I am satisfied with the knowledge I am acquiring. I find what I learn important to my growth.
Exactly what I expected. I loved the live case studies. Though they may have been time consuming, I was able to apply what I had been taught. I loved the practicality of those sessions.
For the most part the courses have been very well conducted and the professors really excellent and knowledgeable.  It's too bad that more students do not participate actively in the live sessions
I think the course materials are high quality and the live sessions are excellent. I also enjoyed the guest speakers in some of my live sessions. I think they broaden the exposure to the topic beyond course materials and provide a great value.
So far so good.
The flexibility of course delivery, the live sessions and guest speakers is what I enjoy about the iMBA.
I think it's a great program thus far.
I thought the grading was very bizarre.  Wasn't consistent.  This is a tough topic to grade for, but they way it was done with essays wasn't helpful.
It gave me the opportunity to experience some of the angst, frustration and decision-making processes of a manager/leader. I could only imagine that in real-life, some of the emotions and decision-making that will play out would be magnified a few times more. Therefore, I am grateful that I am able to experience these in a safe environment whereby I could afford to make mistakes. 
great flexibility and learned a great deal
This was my first high engagement course and I am looking forward to more.
I am satisfied with the knowledge gained from the course, but I am disappointed with the grading criteria for the module essays. I feel that these essays focused on black and white stating a certain concept, rather than applying concepts and using free thought to develop an argument.
The grading for this course was very disappointing but the content of the program so far and the instruction have been very good.
This class introduced concepts that are very important to developing emotional intelligence that is a key trait of effective leaders. Prof Northcraft has put together essential concepts that build on each other and the live sessions help students envision the applications of these concepts. The guest speakers bring unique real life and research perspectives that make the learning so much more experiential and effective.
Excellent price, learning lots of new things, great professors, and great cohort!
Ambiguity of classes to be taken on Coursera & Compass and lead times for the former should be addressed.  Both platform should provide information in unison (time) so that correlation become relevant.
Provided a great combination of self-paced activity with compass activity. I was happy with flexibility and amount of time needed to complete projects. 
Some professors need to change the way they exam students. These are MBA level classes and some of the professors don't have a fair way of examining and grading. Also, the workload for the courses is very heavy since we work and the 2 month time is very very tight. We also need more flexibility in choosing our professors and also broader course selection and in different semesters (not just once a year).
It think it would work better with a smaller cohort. There are still some technology issues getting in the way of the experience primarily around the LCSA and grading of assignments. There is too much emphasis on grades versus understanding and application. This may be a reflection of an off-site program where the university needs to be sure we are doing our own work.
Given the program's attractable rank and tuition costs, I would still consider recommending this program to others. 
Fewer courses
Develop opportunities for regional meetups or an opportunity for optional live immersion sessions to provide more of a hybridized learning experience. 
Split up the students in smaller groups up to 3 or 4) during LCSAs and group assignments 
This is for the BADM508 grading.  I feel like the essays were graded poorly and inconsistently and had very narrowly defined grading scales.  You had to use very exact phrases and mention very specific topics in a certain way.  In no way do the 4 graded essays indicate if you have learned anything for the course or can apply it in the real world.  The essays were simply a regurgitation of some of the topics learned in the course.  Very unhappy on how students were evaluated in that course compared to the other course I was taking at the time. 
More weekly group discussion. Less timed case scenarios that are not necessarily real world. 
Find a way to offer all courses simultaneously so that I determine the speed at shich I finish 
n/a
I would like the course content to feel more immediately relevant to what's happening in current time. Even the live sessions seemed oddly out of touch with the immense leadership/political changes we are undergoing in this country and world right now. I don't think it's unreasonable to have these conversations and apply the things we're learning to analyze these changes from a leadership perspective, especially in a graduate level course.
There should be a balance between Compass and Coursera Assignments. Sometimes having Peergraded assignments and the Compass Assignments on the same week seems to be little difficult to handle.
Introduce the business librarian and emphasize using library resources instead of purchasing case studies.
Require students to take the GMAT or GRE to apply for the degree.  
Skip the short essay questions (250) and let me people writ out details. 
Reduce personnel assigned to work groups, progress faster through content.
None.  Great program.
Greater level of consistency between courses in terms of effort and expectation.  Remove participation grades - come on it's a graduate level program we are all paying for, if people don't want to show up it's their loss. 
Synch up the schedule with other MBA program schedules; encourage professors to schedule live sessions at times more convenient for those that are working and taking other classes. 
Get rid of group assignments
The iMBA needs to keep selecting the best individuals. Only by recruiting successful professionals can the program thrive.
Will make recommendation after taking a few more courses
I expect more control as a student - to be able to work with many team member students in beginning of specializations and have the option to choose team members for subsequent courses/ sessions  in my study groups;  as contribution levels are very diverse amongst students, this is a common concern for many of my classmates - improvement in this area will enhance people's perception of iMBA
I think it would be beneficial to have some kind of a home group or home team for each person that they maintain through the entirety of the program. This would allow people to build deeper relationships while the other class teams and groups constantly change. Consistent faces and names during the first cohort made it extra special, and I miss the elements and dynamics that resulted even though I still love this program and what it's doing for me. The classes end up being scheduled at just the right time.
Provide consistency between the individual courses in terms of organisation and scheduling.
Get Trained TA have personal attention better organization is needed
Just getting started, but enjoying so far. No recommendations yet. 
Reevaluate Blackboard 
As stated above, find a proper professor to teach BADM508, and bring practical leadership influx to the course. After having several degrees and certifications in Management and many years of leading organizations the last thing I would like to see is a purely academic professor with a "my way or a highway" approach to leadership. This approach won't last in business world if attempted. He is teaching leadership while discouraging majority of students (based on the class forums), - contradiction in terms and application.
overseas experience
Few suggestions 1) The El-Tek LCSA needs to be reevaluated. The LCSA is split into 25 minute knowledge gaining and 40 minutes for negotiation. The 25 minutes were not sufficient which made the negotiating phase chaotic 2) Blackboard has some performance issues (audio) 3) Zoom has 40 minute time limit per meeting which is not sufficient for group activity 4) While the professor provided clear grading guidelines for the essays there was lack of consistency in the grading and feedback we have received from the TAs 5) While the TAs were helpful it seems that at times they were either not empowered or not motivated to provide answers to what seemed like basic questions 6) At times (especially in week 6) the essay grading feedback (grade distribution) from the professor was unclear. It contained a bar graph with zeros and fives and it was not clear what did each represent.   
Suggest to align group members in the same timezone or closer..  Members from different countries have challenge to participate in group sessions etc..
I firmly believe that 1) Business Management for Engineers and 2) Strategic Technology Management (College of Engineering) and 3) Technology Management (Part of College of Business) courses are very helpful for engineers to advance their career in the current field. iMBA specialization offered to engineers is suitable for students who would like to change the field.
I would love if the program could develop a more integrated interface wherein we could access Coursera, Compass, and the iMBA Workplace.
1) the groups should be determined based on geographics - it is too hard to try to organize times that work for everyone when people are spread around the world.   2) Don't have BADM 508 be the first class that people take.  3) Don't force the group work - writing essays as a group is not realistic.  Solving problems, giving presentations, etc. is relevant group work. 
Improve consistency as when new students come into program and take a class for the first time and it is a bad experience they automatically get the perception that is what they can expect moving forward, when indeed it is not the case.
The degree is a great initiative by the university. I believe the content of the course can be improved overall to make this degree much more interesting. 
What is the optimum cohort size. I think the class size may just be too much. Find better ways to use Workplace in the program.
I think the course essay evaluation needs to be modified. Essay needs to be corrected by course concept application and not by regurgitating course material 
1. Single platform for delivery instead of two. 2. More networking opportunities - maybe optional residency(ies) on campus. 3. Structure built to enable and encourage students to be interactive - optional debate, extempore, interest group clubs. 4. Mandatory one-on-one with Professors during course.
There needs to be enforced office hours.
reconfigure Coursera portion such that it can legitimately contribute to grading (more than just pass/fail), as it represents the bulk of the work.
Great program for the working professional and the portable platform allows you do the program from any place.
My dream is to have even more diverse perspectives by figuring out a scholarship scheme to bring talented entrepreneurs from overseas for whom $20,000 is still an insurmountable sum.
